In fact, in that season, except for the child,
Are there other children behind him?
What? He is an outsider
Brother, please be careful about him!
I must take this stinky thing. If he does this now,
I gotta find some baby stuff I know
I have never seen this service before!
Brother, what’s on the paper when you look at his picture?
Brother, I am my born eighth son
Listen to you, I know what this box looks like
It’s been a year, so what do you want to do when you go in?
Of course, change the person! Someone from the Three Girl Box Company has died!
I am dead now. My sixth child is dead.
Brother Chen is here to find his child!
Don't want to go out
You are inflicting disasters and persecution
No one comes to see it